---------------------------------------------------------------------
 , __       _                                    
 /|/  \     | |                                   
  |___/ __  | |        _  _    __   _  _  _    _  
  |    /  \_|/  |   | / |/ |  /  \_/ |/ |/ |  |/  
  |    \__/ |__/ \_/|/  |  |_/\__/   |  |  |_/|__/
                   /|                             
                   \|                             

  "letting multiple monome apps play and share together, nicely"

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Polynome is a monome driver, extended emulator, switcher and splitter.

Polynome is still in a very early phase of development. The following
are the goals of the application:

A Driver
--------
Polynome drives your monome. Button presses are registered with
Polynome, and Polynome sends signals to light the LEDs correctly.


An Extended Emulator
--------------------
Polynome presents itself as a standard monome via OSC
(http://opensoundcontrol.org/). It listens to all the standard monome
OSC messages and reacts appropriately. Polynome can therefore be
connected with any current monome application available - just make
sure the output port of the application matches the input port of
Polynome.

Polynome also provides extensions to the standard OSC messages for
more flexible control. This allows more powerful abstractions to be
used to manipulate the monome's LEDs.


A Switcher
----------
Polynome allows connections from more than one application. Each
connected application is assigned a virtual monome. Polynome provides
mechanisms to select which virtual monome is currently displayed and
therefore which application receives button press and release signals
at a given moment. Whilst an application's virtual monome is not
currently active (i.e. driving the monome) it can still receive
signals from the connected application as if it were the real monome.


A Splitter
----------
Polynome can split a monome to create multiple vitual monomes. For
example, a 256 could become two 128s or four 64s each assigned to its
own separate application.


What it is not
--------------

Polynome is not a typical monome application. The intention is that
application logic be written in separate applications. Either using
the standard monome OSC interface, or the extended emulator
interface. Polynome doesn't have an internal timer, midi interface,
music generator, or anything really very fun. Polynome intends to make
the fun stuff more fun to create and combine. It's a nicely designed,
yet empty, studio awaiting your applications and creativity.


